README.md, before:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree - Term 1

## Program Description

Global innovations in the field of artificial intelligence (AI) are going to redefine virtually every aspect of our lives. Students who master AI skills today will play a critical role in helping determine how this incredible technology impacts our future. This [program](https://www.udacity.com/course/artificial-intelligence-nanodegree--nd889) will introduce you to the broad field of artificial intelligence, and prepare you for a wide variety of opportunities in the AI field.

## Course Syllabus
* [Term 1](https://medium.com/udacity/ai-nanodegree-program-syllabus-term-1-in-depth-80c41297acaf): Foundations of AI  
* [Term 2](https://medium.com/udacity/ai-nanodegree-program-syllabus-term-2-deep-learning-in-depth-d935197b66ec): Deep Learning and Applications  

## Projects: Term 1  

1. [Solve a Sudoku with AI](./sudoku)   
Design and implement two extensions of our sudoku solver. The first one will be to implement the technique called "naked twins". The second one will be to modify existing code to solve a diagonal sudoku. The goals are to implement the naked twins function, and write an AI agent that will solve the Diagonal Sudoku game.  

2. [Build a Game-Playing Agent](./isolation)  
Design and implement an agent to play the game of Isolation, a deterministic, two-player game in which the players alternate turns moving between cells on a regular grid till one of them has no more moves left. Use adversarial search with heuristic evaluation functions to overcome computational challenges and make your agent a smarter player.    

3. [Implement Simulated Annealing Algorithm](./simulated_annealing)  
Implement the simulated annealing algorithm in a Jupyter notebook and use it to solve the Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) between U.S. state capitals.

4. [Implement a Planning Search](./planning)  
Solve air cargo logistics problems by decomposing them into individual actions using a formal planning framework, identifying dependencies and effects of each action, and generating valid plans using search techniques. Experiment with various automatically generated heuristics, including planning graph heuristics, and provide an analysis of your results.

5. [Design a Sign Language Recognition System](./recognizer)  
Use Hidden Markov Models to recognize gestures in American Sign Language, from individual words to complete sentences. Train it on a dataset of videos that have been pre-processed and annotated, and test on novel sequences. Improve your recognizer by finding the best English translation of each sentence.

Commit message:

Update project description in README

README.md, after:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree - Term 1

## Program Description

Global innovations in the field of artificial intelligence (AI) are going to redefine virtually every aspect of our lives. Students who master AI skills today will play a critical role in helping determine how this incredible technology impacts our future. This [program](https://www.udacity.com/course/artificial-intelligence-nanodegree--nd889) will introduce you to the broad field of artificial intelligence, and prepare you for a wide variety of opportunities in the AI field.

## Course Syllabus
* [Term 1](https://medium.com/udacity/ai-nanodegree-program-syllabus-term-1-in-depth-80c41297acaf): Foundations of AI  
* [Term 2](https://medium.com/udacity/ai-nanodegree-program-syllabus-term-2-deep-learning-in-depth-d935197b66ec): Deep Learning and Applications  

## Projects: Term 1  

1. [Solve a Sudoku with AI](./sudoku)   
Created an AI to solve Diagonal Sudokus using constraint propagation and search techniques. Additionally, taught the agent to use the Naked Twins advanced Sudoku strategy.  

2. [Build a Game-Playing Agent](./isolation)  
Created an AI that beats human opponents in the game of Isolation using Minimax, Alpha-Beta Search, and Iterative Deepening.

3. [Implement Simulated Annealing Algorithm](./simulated_annealing)  
Implemented the simulated annealing algorithm in a Jupyter notebook and used it to solve the Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) between U.S. state capitals.

4. [Implement a Planning Search](./planning)  
Used logic and planning techniques to create an AI that finds the most efficient route to route cargo around the world to their respective destinations. This project used a combination of propositional logic and search along with A* heuristics to find optimal planning solutions.

5. [Design a Sign Language Recognition System](./recognizer)  
Built a system to recognize gestures in American Sign Language, from individual words to complete sentences. This project trained a set of Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) on a dataset of videos that have been pre-processed and annotated, and test on novel sequences.
